So let us see the implementation. First in main, let
us declare an integer array
integer variable size, result and i. Now get the
size of the array from user and store it
in size.
Now read the elements of the array.
We can do that using a simple for loop.
now the array is read.
And the next step is to do bitwise XOR
on all the elements of the array one after the other
so first store the first element of array in variable result
Now we can use a for loop to continuously
XOR result and next element of the array
So write for i equal to one, i less than size
i plus plus and in each iteration, store the result
of XOR operation in variable result and then do
XOR on result and the next element. Do result equal
to result XOR array[i]
So by the functionality of XOR, the elements that
occur even number of times will cancel out and the
odd occurring element will be left in variable result. So we can print that result.